i would hide how i was feeling a lot
because i was so afraid to
express to people how sad and miserable
i actually was so when i first started
my spiritual journey i was really
excited to
embody my spirituality and initially i
thought that it meant wearing mala beads
wearing yoga clothes
embodying spirituality is not about the
clothes that you're wearing but it's
about the energy that you're carrying
we can be the safe space that we always
needed and lately that has been my
spiritual practice is being the physical
embodiment
of all the love all the healing all the
safety that i ever needed in this world
and sharing that with other people just
by resting in it myself
and truly embodying whatever feels right
for me whether that is to dress a
certain way or to sing or to shake my
body
or to shake my booty or just i don't
know i do it and i
feel so much less concerned about
proving it or making my spirituality
make sense to anyone
this has been a really helpful thing for
me especially healing my self-harm
and a lot of the self-inflicted pain
that i would cause myself was being like
wow
i feel so shitty right now but
you know what at the very least i can
just witness it and in that witnessing i
would reclaim my power back
and a lot of it was also just trauma and
ptsd that i was experiencing but when i
took that deep breath and i sat there
crying with my heart racing and extended
my exhale actively intentionally i
started to realize
everything is actually okay in this
moment and so i'm gonna do the most good
that i can
right now everything happening is on
purpose is here to bring us
closer to spirit and to source
then you can start working with spirit
with god with the universe to really
start conspiring what you really want i
don't want
meat the thing that i do really crave is
fish and i've kind of decided that
if i have a craving that's pretty
persistent i'm just going to listen to
my body
and have fish i used to absolutely love
wagyu beef but now the idea of eating
beef or chicken
turkey anything like that makes me
literally want to gag that feeling has
not subsided yet but fish is something i
guess i can handle
until maybe like once a month if i
really want fish i'll have salmon or
something i don't know
but i've decided i don't have to
necessarily put myself in a box and say
if i'm vegan i can't have
[ __ ] honey or something like short
answer i don't want meat i occasionally
want fish i'll have it if i really want
it
[Music]
is this cute right now should i just
take this off